the winners have Strictly Come Dancing
2009 our
it's crazy
some above congratulation you are the
2009 Strictly Come Dancing champion
yeah what is it look she's cried her
eyes out with yeah but you two have been
on screen off screen you've given us so
many laughs and oh what the judges have
said your entertainment has been I just
love to thank everybody so much
especially you two you've made it a
wonderful amazing because I'd love to
thank your family and friends I love one
see without you we would have been able
to do half for training and I'd also
like to thank all our fellow
professionals they are so generous with
their time and they are absolutely loved
and definitely still all the tops on
which I thank you so much for believing
me in me all the way along I did touched
you a little bit yes in the jive and the
quickstep come to mind but thank you so
much you lovely little girl on the tops
and your Holly oh yeah
what did you go I just want to say
you've been the best partner you've been
a dream to be working with thank you so
much because that experience was
fantastic for me oh well there you are
now wearing the winners of Strictly Come
Dancing 2009 Chris
they stay down